Add Rancher upgrade note and MCM related changes for v1.2 (#405)
harvester/docs: docs/rancher/node/rke1-cluster.md

  <link rel="canonical" href="https://docs.harvesterhci.io/v1.1/rancher/node/rke1-cluster"/>
</head>

You can now provision RKE1 Kubernetes clusters on top of the Harvester cluster in Rancher using the built-in Harvester node driver.

> RKE1 and RKE2 have several slight behavioral differences. Follow [this doc](https://ranchermanager.docs.rancher.com/v2.7/how-to-guides/new-user-guides/launch-kubernetes-with-rancher/rke1-vs-rke2-differences) to get some high-level insights.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RKE1 and RKE2 have several slight behavioral differences. Refer to the [differences between RKE1 and RKE2](https://ranchermanager.docs.rancher.com/v2.7/how-to-guides/new-user-guides/launch-kubernetes-with-rancher/rke1-vs-rke2-differences) to get some high-level insights.
```

![rke1-cluster](/img/v1.2/rancher/rke1-node-driver.png)

:::note

- VLAN network is required for Harvester node driver.
- Harvester node driver only supports cloud images.

> - For port requirements of guest clusters deployed within Harvester, please refer to the doc [here](install/requirements.md#inbound-rules-for-k3s-or-rkerke2-clusters).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For port requirements of guest clusters deployed within Harvester, please refer to the [port requirements for guest clusters](install/requirements.md#inbound-rules-for-k3s-or-rkerke2-clusters).
```
